welcome all friends with you now he
and today's video will be again
dedicated to French premium
eighth level fcm 50 tons and so on this
once a card Vat park ninth fight
level by itself fcm
very rarely gets in such
serious fights for nines he falls but
there is usually one moving two nines in this
Since there are 5 of them, the fight promises
to be pretty so heavy and that
the most interesting patient is sort of like
yes, but I already said in the previous video
that he has no special armor and alpha
it is small and so fight on
city ​​maps novations quite
uncomfortable and all because his armor
nope he can't drive around the corner there
you tank some damage more so on
what I stopped there I talked about
what sam
there is no reservation and he can't leave
because of the corner there give some serious
damage and roll back while not
getting there breaking through some well in general
without getting any damage
that's why on city maps
the patient feels very much like that
not sure need some loopholes to
try to do it from afar
cause damage and on city maps this
quite problematic because
there are a lot of buildings there and you
what is possible because of the catch far such well about
long lumbago
there are no plots practically here and in this
I also did not know where to fight at first
put it on
stood on the center wanted to shoot
can on this railway
move
I wanted to catch the Christmas tree but I also failed
unfortunately and now I decide to change
a little direction and here's help our
kt
who decided to zadefitsya see what
crawling e75
and in the bottom it can be easily pierced
going down with him she is pretty
good 212 understand as i said
Here and even E75 can punch
caught up if you are lucky because in it the NLD
pretty unstable breaks and
so I charge gold
E75 by the way pretty aggressive
decided to act went straight at us
katy seen on i didn't break through 75 and
got him some kind of incomprehensible
ricochet at all so even tank
can we save all the same yes him here and
still trying to conclude even
he had time to ha returns foreign
If here such affairs in general joint
efforts we quickly disassemble it and 75
I see that Patton will support him but
patton had a different opinion and he stayed
back and e75 bon got us surrendered
I did not understand something here 54 probably decided
play on the enemy and why did you kill it
of our forest I do not know that they are not there
shared oh well fig they continue
I go to control patton do not know
where are you children again and notice that st-1
rolled out on our side and there still
flying 5450 foursome masterfully just
stops before my shot and i
I'm naturally not getting here yet
one damage without a home you something i aim
I started but then I flew more or less
ok trying targeting trying
to aim the dog once more
set fire and invest well here joint
By the efforts of this grief we racher quickly
very we finish st-1 already had time ago
roll back new again I dump
control and where is he looking a shot
and you can go and
try to inflict damage on the tower
strange as he did not make it and here
sticking a piece out a little piece and
again we do not fall into fact
notation look for such moments when
the enemy has turned away and is not looking at you
and then I can already keep on it
It's trying to do something like damage at all.
in principle, on any tank so necessary
do but here's the chain as I said
due to lack of defense janis is small
alpha nor as normal on it
don't fight the city so you need to
more attention to what moment
when the enemy is not looking at you
leave it put it in the meantime
the score is not in our favor 78 our
we seem to have left 79
we have two tops left out of 84 4
well the whole of 8 is not fully understood
on ce
and the enemies have one sweat stops but there is
one more drummers just for
drummers him safely by
we take away the arts together
played and here I decide to help 54
realizing realizing that this mate and
max 445 is almost the same as me
will shoot me damage but
I need to quickly help quickly
foursome pick from a 6 because
Take care of our stamp is my can say
direct duty but received of course
a lot of excess damage could i not
take a risk but for some reason that's it
The moment I decided that our 50 fours should be
anyway help and i think it was
correct more correct my actions
because if I had not left and not
fencing yourself in this mx
in total he would have shot at 54 not a fact
of course to get her punched
but still there is a board somewhere he
could he easily do damage and then
he was already at 900 there much
less well my actions helped
due to my hp save our hp
top and
I think it was still not in vain
paton distracts our comrades i'm trying
it is here to aim but unfortunately not
I manage to do it there for
these hiding behind the bridge and in the meantime
the score is already 11 9 our favor knives same 12:09
by some miracle, ours of 8 out there coped with
opponents are no longer in battle
there remains a tiger and i end 4 and you can
now here's the ending of the fight try
shoot
extra damage some noteworthy that
all this time here's an enemy dealer standing
and defile your base
I helped my allies well for that
we are his last
punish and punish such
dynamic battle enough turned out in
why him so quite liked
vigorous tank rubilovo can be said
there was no standing and vigorous
for that here I like Tanchiki fcm is for
that he has a dynamic even in spite
the lack of armor dynamics just him
gorgeous
in general he is cool
buy pcm that's what i wanted to say well
okay guys all this is of course yours
personal business to buy straight tank no well
that's me so this is the only tank
about which you can enjoy from
premium
but this is of course all my personal opinion and
naturally it's your business to listen
my opinion is there no general here's such
the battle turned out and now as always
traditions will show you the outcome of this battle not
so the results of the battle you can see on
your screens on i thank you for
attention to strong armor precision weapons
you and see you soon